1) Was the game too easy/difficult?

kinda difficult, but could do with more features

Not too difficult im just bad

I thought that it was a good difficulty, good test of different reflxes

Akira:" it was well balanced in terms of playability, and i can see this game being developed into a successfull project that adds a great deal of difficulty and reward."
If yes, why?

I think it would be great with multiple levels of difficulty. I think its a good middle-ground as is.

2) Should the score be displayed as time alive, number of tetris rows, combination of both or other?

time alive, because of how fast paced the game is

it should be a combination of both as then it will make the game more diffcult

Time alive as the base score, it would help the player determin where they are in regards to how well they're doing. Tetris rows as a bonus

Akira: "It would be a helpful aspect, however considering the fact thatthe game requires the player to constantly multi-task, it would be an un-used feature. similar to the 80/20 principle".

Tetris rows could be like a multiplier for the time alive. so a combo
						
3) Did you encounter any bugs?

Tetris

tetris

The tetris block/s started off the side of the screen

no

nope
	
4) Are the paddle/ball/tetris blocks falling at a good speed?

I'd say the speed is average, somewhere in the middle

the speed is good

Yes, any faster I think could be more challenging but as a casual game it's a good speed

Akira:" It's the ideal speed considering the start of the game is usually meant to be easy. Then progress in difficulty".

see above, its a good average. maybe power-ups to slow time or something?

5) Any other suggestions?

Maybe different backgrounds and potential levels

different backgrounds and maybe a duller red zone

Look at different styles maybe? See what other displays could fit the game aesthetic

Akira:" experiment with the UI and develop the difficluty".

Hitting blocks breaks them apart or stores a tetris piece.